FF107 Release Note: contain-intrinsic-* supported (#21903)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/107/index.md

### CSS

> - The [`contain-intrinsic-size`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/contain-intrinsic-size) short hand CSS property can now be applied to specify the size of a UI element that is subject to [size containment](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Containment#size_containment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`contain-intrinsic-size`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/contain-intrinsic-size) shorthand CSS property can now be applied to specify the size of a UI element that is subject to [size containment](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Containment#size_containment).
```
